February 06, 2015

We brainstormed ideas and came up with a clock app.  We're planning to make a clock app that has a clock, timer, stopwatch, and alarm.  
For the alarm we are going to have it so that we can set our music.  
For the stopwatch we will have a lap function so that people can split up the different times.  
For the timer we are going to make it so people can set the time it starts and maybe even be able to do it with your voice.
We are thinking of trying to make it into an iphone port.  But that's only if we finish everything and still have some time left over.  
Unfortunately we haven't started coding yet. Right now we haven't even created the blueJ file on it.
We'll attempt to start coding this weakend.  Starting this project will probably be relatively slow but as we gain momentum our rate of production will probably go higher.

February 13, 2015

 We started our project.  We had no idea how to start the code so we went onto stackoverflow for some help.  It gave us a good kickstart and helped us get the imports we needed.
We started the clock part of the project. So far we have successfully created a datestamp.  Now you can check army time and date.  Unfortunately it looks really bland right now and its only a date stamp which means you have to continually refresh it.
I learned today that we can't always just use .* because if you have multiple import types they will overlap eachother.  For example there is Javax.swing.Timer and there is a Java.util.Timer so it ends up with an error when you use .* with both of them.
That's the main thing we have learned today but now it makes sense why Schreiber was wary whenever someone asked if we can just put .* whenever he told us to put in an import.

February 20, 2015

We continued our clock class today.  Unfortunately we learned that it was more difficult than we initially thought.  Today we learned what not to put in but not much on what we do need to put in.
So we didn't do much in our clock class.  But we did start our timer class.  For that we learned that all we need are a couple of for-loops and we started doing those.  We have also started to look for simple graphics methods so that we can pretty up our project.
I learned today that our project is actually pretty complicated and may take quite of work to figure out.  It definetely seems that I have a decent amount of work left on this project.  Its going to take a while to finish.
We got an error that said that actionListener was abstract and couldn't be instatiated.  I had no idea what that meant.  I don't even know what instantiated means.

February 27, 2015

We continued our clock part today.  We learned that the clock part of this project is going to have multiple classes and we've finished the first class.  It still can not work though without the other couple of classes as well because I had to declare those classes.
This weekend I am planning to finish the other classes and finish the clock part of this project.  It may take a while though because this is a lot more difficult than we originally thought it would be. I think we can finish the clock part though within another 3 or 4 hours of work.
The next thing I will start working on after this is the timer.  It seems like the next logical step because it seems that making a timer, a stopwatch and an alarm would all go hand in hand and the timer seems like the first logical step.

March 6, 2015

We continued our clock part today.  I tried to finish it but unfortunately wasn't able to.  There are still a few things that I left to do.  I still have a big problem with the getFont() method.  From what I've read, is that getFont should work by just having the Font method but it doesn't seem to work.
I am almost done with the clock part of the project and I have opened up a new project that has the alarm for the clock.  I have gotten quite a bit of work done for my project but the clock part is definetely the longest part.
Throughout this project I have learned a lot more types of imports(ie swing, awt, etc).  It really has changed my thinking of how coding works because I have been wondering how to do things without it just being textbased and using the java.awt.Graphic import seems like a way to do it.

March 13, 2015

I finished the clock part of the project today.  Now you can activate the dynamic clock feature and it works.  Other than that I haven't done much work on my project.  Nick was working on the alarm and the date part of our project and I started helping him on that.  We talked about what we wanted our template to be about and decided that we wanted to try and get everything in one input which may mean we might have to create a main class.  Throughout this project I have learned a lot more types of imports(ie swing, awt, etc).  It really has changed my thinking of how coding works because I have been wondering how to do things without it just being textbased and using the java.awt.Graphic import seems like a way to do it.  After working on the alarm and the date the stopwatch seems like the next logical step.

March 20, 2015

Today we worked on the alarm part of our project.  We didn't get that much done and we still have a lot more to go.  Today was more of setting up the project.
We found an outline of an AlarmClock online and we're finishing that.  Hopefully this time we can finish this deliverable in time unlike last time.  
But I'm sure we will considering we're already done with the first couple of methods which was like half the class already.  I am almost done with the clock part of the project and I have opened up a new project that has the alarm for the clock.  I have gotten quite a bit of work done for my project but the clock part is definetely the longest part.  I have pretty much said everything we're planning to do until the next deriverable and what we've already done.
I am very hopeful for this project.

April 3, 2015

For this week we need to have our deliverables. Nick and I said that we would have finished our alarm class and started our presentation. Mr. Schreiber talked to the class and said that we do not need to worry about the presentation part because he will talk to us about what we need. We are basically done with the alarm class. We met a fellow TVMSC student named Lee who helped us make lots of progress. Because we were not done with the deliverables, we stayed after school to continue working. After Mr. Schreiber finished his class, he then proceded to help us tidy up our alarm class and near completion. Although we did not finish the alarm class, we are fairly close to being done and confident that we will get it done very quickly.  We still need to add in the main class and get the template up for the user.

April 10, 2015

Today we did the elevator pitch.  For the most part Nick took care of it.  I added a few words in but I was really nervous and so it did not amount to much.
We did not work on the project this week.  We spent the whole period planning our elevator pitch and then giving the pitch to Schreiber.  The rest of the 
period we spent writing our Developer Journals.  This period was very distracting.  I spent lots of it being distracted and playing with Sierra's scooter. 
After Mr. Schreiber finished his class, he then proceded to help us tidy up our alarm class and near completion. Although we did not finish the alarm class, we are fairly close to being done and confident that we will get it done very quickly.  We still need to add in the main class and get the template up for the user.  I am confident that in our project.

