February 6, 2015 

Talha and I have decided to work together on the 20% project. 
We have decided to create an application that allows the user to: check the time, create an alarm ( the alarm tone can be set to a specified song), and a stopwatch that can start/stop and record splits.
Ideally, we would like to make the clock application compatiable on phones. The reason we chose to create a clock application is because everyone is affected by time constraints. Our application can be
a useful tool for people within their everyday lives. Since we are now finished with the outline, we will now start coding. This weekend we will decide which of the three parts (clock, alarm, stopwatch)
we will work on first. I am excited to implement the coding skills we have learned in this class to create a practical application.
If progress is slow, we may try to receive outside help from computer science experts (within the community like Micron workers, or from online forums).


February 13, 2015

Today we began coding for our 20% project. We decided to start on the clock section first. After we created our class,
and started our clock method, we went on the website stackoverflow.com to get help. The website helped spark our thinking
and we were able to come up with a date stamp. We have successfully created an application that will allow the user to check the
time and date. The only adjustments we will need to make are that the clock is in army time, and that the clock does not 
continously update itself. The clock stays at the same time that you opened the program. An issue that came up was that we were
not able to use both javax.swing.Timer and Java.util.*. This was because there is a Java.util.Timer which confuses with our javax function. 
To solve this problem we took out the Java.util.* and will only implement the specific Java.util functions we need. We do not think this
will be too big of a problem because we are familiar with java.util. We have made a lot of progress today and are confident that
we will be able to make our 20% project a success. 

Februrary 20, 2015

Today we wanted to finish up our clock application. It turned out to be more complicated than we thought.
The application would produce two date stamps. We wanted to make the clock continuosly run. We looked online 
and tried to follow the template that stackoverflow.com used, but we kept on receiving an instantiation error. While we 
were stuck on that, we quickly fixed our date stamp so that it would stop outputting two date stamps. We did this
by deleting one of our system.out.println lines of code. Our application on successfully outputs only one date stamp.
Because we are stuck on clock, I think we will start on the stopwatch and timer classes because they are very similar.
Once we figure one of them out, the other one should be pretty easy. Although we did not accomplish as much as we would
have liked, we will work on the project over the weekend and get back on track.

Februrary 27, 2015

Today we continued our project by trying to work on the clock part. We are still stuck on the class. We do not know how to make the clock continually update. 
But we did find something of use. We have realized that we might need to try and make our applet pop out and be more than just a successful tester page. 
Talha worked on trying to fix the clock class by looking on stackoverflow. I wanted a change of pace and decided that I would start on the alarm class. 
I have worked on the outline of the alarm class and will continue to do it over the weekend. We still need to work on the stopwatch part(allowing us to count
up as opposed to count down) and the timer(allowing us to count down). Althoudh we did not make us much progress as I thought we would today. I am 
still confident in our project and believe that we will be able to deliver on our deliveerables and to make the 20% project a success.

March 6, 2015

Today is the day that our presentables are due. This is our first deadline and means that whatever we stated we would have by this time period,
 would be "presentable"(ready) for Mr. Schreiber to see. Our presentable for the 20% project this week is to have our clock application done. 
Talha worked on the clock application today while I continued working on the alarm. I have found an outline to help with out alarm clock application,
and Talha has continued searching for all of the "util" items we need. Talha and I think that although we had little progress over the last two weeks,
that we have started to find out what we needed and are close to completing two of the sections. At the time of this writing we are not finished working
for the day, but we will continue working on the project tonight. We will skype this evening and finish what we need to complete for the "presentables".

March 13, 2015

I was astonished by the amount of progress we made today. We completely finished the clock class in our project. Instead of just showing a date stamp, the clock now actually continually updates
and displays the time. The only problem is that now we do not have the date right next to the time. We will be able to fix that next week. I was searching online and found a perfect example
that we could use for help. That example had the moving clock and the date, so we will look through the example and see how it combines both the date and the clock. We did not work on the stopwatch or 
the alarm today, but we are not worried. We think that we have ample time to complete the project. Next week we will be done with the date and clock sections, leaving us just with the alarm and the
stopwatch.

March 20, 2015

Today we continued on the alarm portion of the project. The next deliverable we have is due the week after we get back from Spring Break. What we promised
in our deliverable was that we would be done with the alarm section. I think this is deliverable is feasable. Talha and I will continue working on the project
over spring break and we will also have the day the deliverable is due to work on the alarm class. We have the outline for the class, we now just need
to add some finishing touches. We also will need to begin working on the presentation, but that seems far easier to do than the actual coding. We should be 
able to finish by the end of the deadline. I am excited to continue working on the project over spring break and being able to work on the project on it
at whatever time I want.

April 3, 2015

Today is the day that our deliverables are due. For this week we are supposed to be done with the alarm class and start on our presentation. Mr. Schreiber talked to us and said that we do not 
have to have the presentable part turned in by today. Because of this, we are focusing only on the alarm class. During our worktime we were having trouble figuring out where to start and what to do.
Talha and I decided to stay after school and to continue working. A kid named Lee helped us out and we were able to make a lot of progress. We should be done by the end of the day. After the alarm is finished,
all we will have to do is create the stopwatch class. The project has been making great progress and in all honesty I am surprised at hour much we have done.


April 10, 2015

To start the day off, Talha and I decided to get some Los Betos because we felt that it would give us some much needed brain power. Unfortunately, we did not end up working on our project in class. 
Instead, we prepared for the elevator pitch that was due today. For this pitch we must explain why our product is useful. Although Hariank laughed when we explained what it was, we believe it is 
still very useful. As a reminder, our goal is create an application that has a clock, alarm, and a timer. We presented to Mr. Schreiber and we were successful. Talha and I were relieved that we did
so well on our presentation. Now we can focus on finishing up our project. On a side note, Talha and I realized that since we will finish the school year before everyone else, we will have to 
present a little sooner. But it will be ok. 